Home
Games
Blog
SGD | English
Register now to enjoy 15% off new member gift!
Go to register >
Honkai: Star Rail
Honkai: Star Rail(Login Top-UP)

Honkai: Star Rail

Instant Delivery
🔥Invite Friends And Get
15%OFF, Claim Now

For Nameless Honor, please proceed to Login-TopUp(Click here).   

Description
Buy Cheap Honkai: Star Rail Top Up - Fast & Safe

LDShop offers the best prices for you:

6480+1600 Oneiric Shard from US$66
[Limited-Time Offer] Express Supply Pass for only US$3.49
Guaranteed Bundle for Yao Guang, Hysilens, Black Swan and Evernight

Dive into the interstellar adventure of Honkai Star Rail, where you'll traverse the cosmos with a cast of vibrant characters. But without Oneiric Shards, you're at a disadvantage, struggling to assemble an efficient team to face the challenges ahead.

At LDShop, we offer Honkai Star Rail top-ups at affordable prices, giving you more Oneiric Shards for more excitement. We cater to your gaming needs with the 5-star Guarantee Bundle, ensuring you get the characters and light cones you want in HSR 3.8 banner. Plus, purchasing the Express Supply Pass provides a daily influx of Stellar Jade, keeping your journey smooth and cost-effective.

Simply provide your UID to securely and directly top up your HSR account. We pride ourselves on our fast and reliable service, ensuring that you can get back to your adventure without delay.

Top-up Required Information
Honkai: Star Rail UID (Please copy and paste the UID for input whenever possible, instead of manually entering it to avoid recharge errors)
Server (Asia, America, Europe, HK/TW/MO)

* Please be sure to accurately fill in the required information to avoid affecting your recharge.

How to top up Honkai: Star Rail at LDShop?

1. Choose your top-up items with a safe and trusted experience.

2. Select your Server and enter Honkai Star Rail UID, then click "Top up".

3. Choose your preferred payment method and make the payment.

4. Check the top-up status in the order center. After the top up is completed, you can check the result in the game.

5. If you encounter any problems, please contact customer service (contact method: click the customer service button in the lower right corner of the platform).

Note: The Honkai Star Rail UID is always visible in the lower left corner of the screen and can also be found in the mobile panel in the upper left corner. On the PC, you can directly click ESC to open the mobile panel.

Oneiric Shard Top-Up Rewards Event
First-Time Top-Up Double Bonus Reset

The first-time top-up bonus resets annually during Honkai: Star Rail's anniversary (next reset: 2026), Stay updated on LDShop for the latest anniversary events and Livestream news. 

Top up 60 Oneiric Shards to receive 120 Oneiric Shards.
Top up 300 + 30 Oneiric Shards to receive 600 Oneiric Shards.
Top up 980 + 110 Oneiric Shards to receive 1,960 Oneiric Shards.
Top up 1980 + 260 Oneiric Shards to receive 3,960 Oneiric Shards.
Top up 3280 + 600 Oneiric Shards to receive 6,560 Oneiric Shards.
Top up 6480 + 1600 Oneiric Shards to receive 12,960 Oneiric Shards.
Buy Express Supply Pass

The Express Supply Pass is a 30 day subscription offer in HSR. Players will receive 300 Oneiric Shards immediately upon purchase, and will then earn 90 Stellar Jades by logging in every day for the next 30 days.

Please Attention:

When the remaining validity time of Express Supply Pass is <179 days, you can continue to purchase and increase the validity period normally.
When the remaining validity time of the Express Supply Pass is ≥179 days, the purchase of the Express Supply Pass will not be possible. However, if repeated purchases are caused due to special circumstances, the total validity time will not be accumulated and 330 Oneiric Shard will be directly returned.
FAQs
I am a PS5 user, how do I receive the recharge content?

For PS5 users, you need to log in on the Honkai Star Rail mobile app to receive purchased content.

What Payment Methods Does LDShop Support?

LDShop supports a variety of secure payment methods for you to choose from, including Visa, MasterCard, and PayPal.

How Long Will It Take for the Top-Up to Arrive?

Usually, it arrives within 10 minutes. If not, please feel free to contact our online customer service.

Is Honkai Star Rail Data Cross Platform?

Account data between different servers/device platforms under the same HoYoverse account is interoperable, but only within the same server. For example, if a player is using the America server on PC or mobile, then when logging in on PS5 with the same HoYoverse account, they can also enter the America server and inherit the game progress.

 

Subscribe to get the latest deals

Get 5% OFF discount when you complete your first subscription

Subscribe

You can unsubscribe at any time. Visit Privacy Policy for more information

Service
About Us
Contact us
FAQ
Refund Policy
Links
LDPlayer
LDCloud
EasyFun
Download App
Get it on
Google Play
Join Us

Copyright @LDVERSE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 1997-2026

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

Registration Number: 75522164

Address: Room 1911, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong