Home
Games
Blog
SGD | English
Register now to enjoy 15% off new member gift!
Go to register >
Wuthering Waves
Wuthering Waves (UID Top-Up)

Wuthering Waves

Instant Delivery
🔥Invite Friends And Get
15%OFF, Claim Now

Self Top-up now available! Recommended to recharge via Self Top-up first. Click "?" for guide.

Description
Cheap Wuthering Waves Lunites Top Up

LDShop offers the best prices for you:

6480+1600 Lunites from US$72
Guaranteed Bundle for Aemeath, Chisa and Lupa
Instant Top-Up | Up to 30% Off

Are you still worried about the strength of your team in Wuthering Waves? Don’t stress – LDShop has you covered with secure and affordable WuWa top up services. Get Lunite now to boost your luck and get that 5-star character you've always dreamed of. We also offer the latest Self-Top-up service for you. 

WuWa Moonlit Path Event

How to Obtain Moonlit Rings:

Lunite Subscription: 30
Weekly Subscription: 68
Voyaging Star Chassis Set: 168
Lunar Causality: 68
Horizon Lookout: 68
Truthseeker's Radiant Collection I: 68
Truthseeker's Radiant Collection II: 198
Truthseeker's Forging Collection: 68
Spacetrek Prep Protocol: 128
Truthseeker's Battlesong Collection: 128
Purchase (Lunite) ×60: 6
Purchase (Lunite) ×300: 30
Purchase (Lunite) ×980: 98
Purchase (Lunite) ×1980: 198
Purchase (Lunite) ×3280: 328
Purchase (Lunite) ×6480: 648

You can claim different reward at different tier:

30 Moonlit Rings: Radiant Tide x1
88 Moonlit Rings: Motorbike Accessory: Little Savior x1
198 Moonlit Rings: Forging Tide x2
328 Moonlit Rings: Custom Livery Set: Singerin Deepspace x1 (Full set includes: Left Fender, Right Fender, Front/Rear.)
450 Moonlit Rings: 5-Star Weapon Supply Chest: Synth Armament x1
680 Moonlit Rings: Transducer x3
980 Moonlit Rings: Selectable 5-Star Resonator x1 (Shorekeeper, Camellya, Jinhsi.) You cannot choose Resonator for whom you've obtained the maximum number of Wavebands.
1600 Moonlit Rings: Cosmetics Set x1 (Full set includes Avatar: Choir of Stars, Sigil: Favor of Stars, Custom Accessory: Starbright Resonance.)

Top-up Procedures

LDshop supports both self-service top-up and login-based top-up for Wuthering Waves

-Self Top-up(Recommend):

Once your payment is confirmed, access the game through LDshop's self-service top-up page, log in to your game account, select the matching bundle, and confirm your purchase. After successful top-up, your login information on LDshop will be automatically cleared when you log out or leave the page.

-Login-in Top-up:

After completing your purchase, please provide your personal information and the name of the selected bundle. To ensure your top-up is credited promptly, please do not log in to the game during the process.

Warm reminder: Currently only "KURO GAMES account" recharge is supported (third-party direct login methods such as Google, Facebook, and X must be bound to your KURO GAMES account before recharging). If you have any questions, please contact customer service.

If you know the country and region where you recharge for the first time, please indicate it in the "Server". The recharge can be faster!

Please note the purchase limit for restricted items, which is based on the purchase limit in your game account (such as the Vault's Radiant Collection)

 

How to Top Up Wuthering Waves at LDShop?

Step 1: Select your item, place your order, and complete the payment.

Step 2: Choose your payment method.

 

Self Top-up:


Step 1: Access the game via LDShop and log in to your game account.

Note: Only supports account and password login and Google login.


Step 2: Select the server where your account is located and log in,Please select the correct server for your character,otherwise, you will be unable to recharge.




Step 3: After logging in successfully, you can click the top "^" at any time to check the status of the gift packs you need to redeem.

Note: Please pay attention to the countdown above and make sure to redeem all gift packs before the countdown ends. 

Step 4: Select all the gift packs you purchased and confirm your purchase.

Step 5: After purchasing all the gift packs, please confirm and exit 

Once completed, we will automatically log out of your account and clear login records.

Note: Do not log into the game before your order is completed, as this may cause top-up failure.

*Self-service top-up takes 5-10 minutes.


 

Login Top-up: Please do not log into the game during the top-up period to avoid top-up failure.

Step1: Submit Account Details,After payment, provide your account credentials. Do not log in to the game during this process—our team will handle the top-up for you.

Step2:Processing Your Order, We will log in to your account and purchase/top up the items you selected.

Secure Logout: Once completed, we will log out of your account and clear all login records.

Step3: Confirmation & Security,You will receive a notification upon successful top-up. Verify the transaction by logging in afterward. For maximum account security, we recommend changing your password after completion.

How to Bind Email Login Method?

Please refer to the picture guide:

Why Top Up Wuwa at LDShop?

LDShop is a globally professional, and secure top-up platform. We are committed to providing you with efficient, specialized, and secure transaction services. We ensure the safety of the processes and related data information during your transactions. We guarantee that every purchase you make on our platform is 100% secure.

Our customer service team is dedicated to quickly and conveniently addressing any issues you may encounter during the transaction process, including both pre-sales and after-sales support, ensuring a hassle-free experience.

About Wuthering Waves

Wuthering Waves is an open-world action RPG with a rich narrative and high freedom, where you play as Rover, awakening in a post-apocalyptic world to reclaim lost memories and overcome the Lament. Explore a vast, immersive world with grapple and wall dash mechanics, engage in fast-paced combat with Dodge, Counterattack, and Echo Skills, and team up with Resonators, each with unique abilities. Collect Echoes to enhance your battle prowess. Embark on an odyssey to unveil hidden truths and shape the future.

About Lunites and Lunite Subscription

Lunite is the premium currency in Wuthering Waves, which you can acquire either by top-up with real money or through purchasing the Lunite Subscription. When you purchase a Lunite subscription, you'll instantly receive 300 Lunites and then 90 Astrites daily for the next 30 days.

Lunite can be exchanged for Astrite at a 1:1 ratio, and Astrite can be used for banner pull. Therefore, if your goal is to obtain your favorite characters and weapons, having a sufficient amount of Lunites will be instrumental in achieving that.

Notes on Lunite Subscription:

When the remaining validity period of the Lunite Subscription is  <179 days, you can continue to purchase and add to the validity period normally.

When the remaining validity period of the Lunite Subscription is ≥179 days, you will not be able to purchase the Lunite Subscription. However, if a special circumstance leads to a duplicate purchase, the total validity period will not be accumulative,  and 330 Lunites will be directly returned.

About Wuwa First Top-Up Bonus

If your account has not been recharged through the in-game or other platforms before, you will enjoy the following benefits:

Top up 300 Lunite to receive 300+300 Lunite
Top up 980 Lunite to receive 980+980 Lunite
Top up 1980 Lunite to receive 1980+1980 Lunite
Top up 3280 Lunite to receive 3280+3280 Lunite
Top up 6480 Lunite to receive 6480+6480 Lunite
FAQs
Is LDShop's Login Top-up Service Safe?

Absolutely safe, we have garnered the trust of numerous customers as evidenced by our reviews on Trustpilot. Should you face any issues during the top-up process, don't hesitate to reach out to our customer service at any time. Additionally, for your security, it is advisable to update your account password once the recharge has been successfully completed.

How long does it take to top up my account?

Manually logging in to top up takes some time, and generally your selected product will arrive within 30 minutes.

Subscribe to get the latest deals

Get 5% OFF discount when you complete your first subscription

Subscribe

You can unsubscribe at any time. Visit Privacy Policy for more information

Service
About Us
Contact us
FAQ
Refund Policy
Links
LDPlayer
LDCloud
EasyFun
Download App
Get it on
Google Play
Join Us

Copyright @LDVERSE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 1997-2026

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

Registration Number: 75522164

Address: Room 1911, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong