Home
Games
Blog
SGD | English
Register now to enjoy 15% off new member gift!
Go to register >
Genshin Impact(UID Top-Up)
Genshin Impact Global (Self Top-UP)
Miliastra Wonderland

Genshin Impact(UID Top-Up)

Instant Delivery
🔥Invite Friends And Get
15%OFF, Claim Now

Please select the correct country or choose "Global" to top up. If the order fails, please try Self Top-UP .

Description
Top Up Genshin Impact Genesis Crystal - Cheaper & Safer

LDShop offers the best prices for you:

6480+1600 Genesis Crystals from US$64
[Limited daily random drop] Blessing of the Welkin Moon for only US$1
Guaranteed Bundle for Varka and Flins

In Genshin Impact, the journey to unlocking your ideal five-star characters and signature weapons can be a costly one. Whether it's pulling for a new character, stocking up on Primogems, or buy the Blessing of the Welkin Moon, it can add up quickly. Ready for Genshin 6.4 Luna V? Choose LDShop for your Genshin top up and get Genesis Crystals—quick, safe, and cheaper than official.

Top-up Required Information
Genshin Impact UID (Please copy and paste the UID for input whenever possible, instead of manually entering it to avoid recharge errors.) 
Server (Asia, America, Europe, HK/TW/MO)
Applicable Platform: Mobile version, PC version, PS5 version, Xbox version.

Sony and HoYoverse have a deeper partnership, and it's now possible to top up directly on PS5 without logging into a mobile device to claim Genesis Crystals since Version 5.8.

* Please make sure to enter the required information correctly to guarantee a successful recharge.

 

Why Top Up Genshin Impact at LDShop?

LDShop is a safe place to buy Genshin Impact top-ups for players around the world. We help players save money on games in a more convenient way.

We offer reliable, fast, and secure services for many popular online games like Genshin Impact, Zenless Zone Zero, Honkai: Star Rail, and more. You can ask for customer service help 24/7, day or night, and make payments through various secure methods.

Enjoy lower prices on Genesis Crystals and the Blessing of the Welkin Moon—plus, check out our special bundles that help you get the guaranteed featured character faster.

LDShop Genshin Top-up Bundle
All-In-One Bundle

60 Genesis Crystals + 300 Genesis Crystals + 980 Genesis Crystals + 1980 Genesis Crystals + 3280 Genesis Crystals + 6480 Genesis Crystals (Blessing of the Welkin Moon is not included).

Character Guarantee Bundle

6480 Genesis Crystals*3 + 3280 Genesis Crystals + 980 Genesis Crystals. A total of 29210 Genesis Crystals will be awarded (excluding the first top-up bonus), which can satisfy a total of 180 pulls.

5 Star Weapon Bundle

6480 Genesis Crystals + 3280 Genesis Crystals + 980 Genesis Crystals. A total of 13050 Genesis Crystals will be awarded (excluding the first top-up bonus), which can satisfy a total of 80 pulls.

Limited time Outfit

980 Genesis Crystals + 300 Genesis Crystals. A total of 1420 Genesis Crystals will be awarded (excluding the first top-up bonus), which can be used to purchase Limited time Outfit.

Purple Character Outfit Pack

980 Genesis Crystals + 300 Genesis Crystals*2. A total of 1750 Genesis Crystals will be awarded (excluding the first top-up bonus), which can be used to purchase Purple Character Outfit.

Golden Character Outfit Pack

1980 Genesis Crystals + 300 Genesis Crystals. A total of 2570 Genesis Crystals will be awarded (excluding the first top-up bonus), which can be used to purchase Golden Character Outfit.

 

Genshin Impact First-time Top-up Bonus

If you have not previously topped up your UID of Genshin Impact in the game or through any platform, you will enjoy the following benefits:

Top up 60 Genesis Crystals to receive 120 Genesis Crystals
Top up 300 + 30 Genesis Crystals to receive 600 Genesis Crystals
Top up 980 + 110 Genesis Crystals to receive 1960 Genesis Crystals
Top up 1980 + 260 Genesis Crystals to receive 3960 Genesis Crystals
Top up 3280 + 600 Genesis Crystals to receive 6560 Genesis Crystals
Top up 6480 + 1600 Genesis Crystals to receive 12960 Genesis Crystals
First-Time Top Up Bonus Reset

According to the Special Program Livestream announcement, to celebrate the 5th anniversary of Genshin Impact, the initial top-up rewards will be reset on September 10th after the release of version 6.0, "Song of the Welkin Moon: Segue - Luna I".

About Genesis Crystals and Primogems

Genesis Crystals and Primogems are the two types of premium currency in Genshin Impact. Genesis Crystals can only be purchased with real money, and they can be converted into Primogems at a 1:1 ratio.

Instead of spending time on commissions and in-game activities for Primogems, it’s quicker to purchase Genesis Crystals. LDShop Genshin top up makes getting rare characters and weapons more convenient than ever.

Get the Blessing of the Welkin Moon at a Discounted Price

If you want to get more cheap Genesis Crystals and Primos - Blessing of the Welkin Moon is the right for you. This monthly subscription service that will receive 300 Genshin Crystals upon purchase, and then 90 Primogems for logging in every day over the next 30 days.

Please Attention:

When the remaining validity time of Blessing of the Welkin Moon is <179 days, you can continue to purchase and increase the validity period normally.
When the remaining validity time of the Blessing of the Welkin Moon ≥179 days (6 total purchases), the purchase of the Blessing of the Welkin Moon will not be possible. However, if repeated purchases are caused due to special circumstances, the total validity time will not be accumulated and 330 Genesis Crystals will be directly returned.
About Genshin Impact

Embark on an adventure in Genshin Impact, the newest open-world action RPG crafted by HoYoverse. It has been online for 5 years and the latest version is "Song of the Welkin Moon". This game features a massive, open map, the seven-element combat system, fascinating storyline, vivid character plot, co-op game mode, and more waiting for you to explore!

Top-up Procedures
How to buy Genshin Impact top up at a lower price on LDShop?
1. Log in to the LDShop official website, select the language and currency type.
2. Select the product and quantity, enter your Genshin Impact UID and server, then click "Top Up"
3. Select your preferred payment method and coupon, then proceed to pay.
4. Check the top-up status in the order center. After the top-up is completed, check it in-game.
5. If you encounter any problems, please contact customer service (contact method: click the customer service button in the lower right corner of the platform).
How to find the Genshin Impact UID?
1. Log into the game using your account.
2. Click the lower right corner of the screen.
3. Your Genshin Impact UID will be displayed.

FAQ
Is there any risk in recharging my game account at LDShop?

Please be assured that our top-up routes come from suppliers that officially cooperate with HoYoverse, so you don't need to worry about your account being banned.

What payment methods does LDShop support?

LDShop top-up center supports a variety of secure payment methods for you to choose from, including Visa, MasterCard, PayPal.

How long will it take for the top-up to arrive?

Usually it arrives within 5 minutes. If not, please feel free to contact our online customer service.

How to Exchange Primogems on Xbox after LDShop Top-up?
1. Download "Genshin Impact" on your mobile devices.
2. Log in to the game with the same HoYoverse account pass, and you can check the Genesis Crystals purchased in LDShop.
3. Exchange Genesis Crystals for Primogems through the mobile version of Genshin Impact.
4. Return to your Xbox and check the number of Primogems.
Subscribe to get the latest deals

Get 5% OFF discount when you complete your first subscription

Subscribe

You can unsubscribe at any time. Visit Privacy Policy for more information

Service
About Us
Contact us
FAQ
Refund Policy
Links
LDPlayer
LDCloud
EasyFun
Download App
Get it on
Google Play
Join Us

Copyright @LDVERSE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 1997-2026

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service

Registration Number: 75522164

Address: Room 1911, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong